# Filos
By July 2022, there are already more than 83 million people who have created unique Bitcoin wallets on Blockchain.com. A staggering 89% of American adults have heard of Bitcoin, but only 24% of Americans said they understand how cryptocurrency works. Millions of tweets and news are generated per day, but it is not easy for users to digest the vast quantity of information, and many of them are not even free. One of the big chanllenges is to access the data, understand the data and visualize the data. Why this is a big chanllenge? Because in the Web 2, users provide their data and get the "free" service from the companies, and the companies will directly or indirectly use the data from the users. While those centralized company made the profit on the data provided by user, the users didn't own their data. Because of the blockchain technique, new protocols can be created on the new infrastructure that can provide decentralized service to web users, and users can provide the data but at the same time, they also own their data, and they will own the network by owning the coin in the network. 
Filos is a decentralized autonomous organization (DAO), which is member-owned communities without centralized leadership. It is designed to lower the barrier of users to access, understand, visualize the data in a decentralized way. It is an AI-powered Web3 portfolio management platform that will rebuild the finance to make it easy for everyone to manage their portfolio without any tech barrier. 
To achive this goal, Filos will utilize the Artificila Intelligence and Blockchain technology. Starting from Ergo and Cardano, and ultimately will expand to multiple chains like ETH, DOT, etc. Confucius said in the Analects - Yan Yuan that "all men are brothers“, we believe members in Filos are in a family, are friends, and will achieve the goal together. The rest of the white paper will go over the work that the team has done, the framework, and the roadmap. 

#Preliminary work

